This article is about the 2021 CW television series. For the 1990s ABC television series, see Lois & Clark: The New Adventures of Superman. For the fictional couple, see Superman and Lois Lane. For the comic book series, see Superman: Lois and Clark.
Superman & Lois

Genre	
Action-adventure
Drama
Superhero
Based on	Characters appearing in DC Comics
Developed by	
Greg Berlanti
Todd Helbing
Starring	
Tyler Hoechlin
Elizabeth Tulloch
Jordan Elsass
Alex Garfin
Erik Valdez
Inde Navarrette
Wolé Parks
Adam Rayner
Dylan Walsh
Emmanuelle Chriqui
Tayler Buck
Sofia Hasmik
Michael Bishop
Chad L. Coleman
Music by	Dan Romer
Country of origin	United States
Original language	English
No. of seasons	3
No. of episodes	43
Production
Executive producers	
David Madden
Geoff Johns
Kristi Korzec
Sarah Schechter
Lee Toland Krieger
Todd Helbing
Greg Berlanti
Brent Fletcher
Producers	
Karyn Smith-Forge
Carl Ogawa
Jennifer Lence
Nadria Tucker
Louis Shaw Milito
Stephen Judge
Ian Samoil
Production locations	Vancouver, British Columbia
Cinematography	
Gavin Struthers
Stephen Maier
Gordon Verheul
Editors	
Harry Jierjian
David Holland
Becca Berry
Brian G. Addie
Camera setup	Single-camera
Running time	
40–45 minutes
63 minutes (pilot)
Production companies	
Berlanti Productions
DC Entertainment
Warner Bros. Television
Release
Original network	The CW
Picture format	HDTV 1080i
Audio format	Dolby Digital 5.1
Original release	February 23, 2021 –
present
Superman & Lois is an American superhero drama television series developed for The CW by Todd Helbing and Greg Berlanti, based on the DC Comics characters Superman and Lois Lane, created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster. Tyler Hoechlin and Elizabeth Tulloch star as the title characters Clark Kent / Superman, Earth's greatest superhero, and Lois Lane, a world-renowned journalist. Jordan Elsass and Alex Garfin portray the couple's twin sons Jonathan and Jordan Kent, with Michael Bishop replacing the former in the third season. The series also stars Erik Valdez, Inde Navarrette, Wolé Parks, Adam Rayner, Dylan Walsh, Emmanuelle Chriqui, Tayler Buck, Sofia Hasmik, and Chad L. Coleman.

The series was intended to be part of the Arrowverse in its first season, developed as a spin-off of Supergirl, with Hoechlin and Tulloch respectively reprising their roles from Supergirl and The Flash (and the conclusion of the "Crisis on Infinite Earths" crossover event serving as a backdoor pilot), but as the series went on, following the cancellation of planned crossovers with Supergirl and Batwoman due to the COVID-19 pandemic, showrunner Todd Helbing and Warner Bros. decided to keep the show separate, with the series instead set in its own separate continuity taking place on a different Earth to the Arrowverse's Earth-Prime, which was confirmed in the second season finale.

Superman & Lois was announced as a pilot in October 2019 and was ordered to series in January 2020. The series premiered on The CW on February 23, 2021. In June 2023, it was renewed for a 10-episode fourth season.
